What do you want to say? What do I want to say?
Let me ask you about the dismantling of the group in Tokyo
Did you ever sing Telephone?
What happened?
Today I said that I will take the oral exam
This is her fate
You are a blind thing
Can you consider oral considerations when doing things?
Do you know this family
That's vegetarian
The Tokyo demolition team was originally a mess
I could only order one pack for them
Besides, he said he was dead today
What can we do? It's up to you.
That family is saving their lives
That's just one way to raise money.
I don’t know
I'll know it was us who did it
The people among them can be finer than ours.
We are miserable enough
I will still have it easier than him
The girl I will choose will not be favored
We won't be able to protect you anymore
If not, I’ll take my promise.
Dad but thank you